
  Date: 22/03 -16

  Facilitator: Herman

  Participants: Andréas, Erik, Herman, Miranda

1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to 
  continue.

  - We shall decide exaclty what the project will be about.


2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

  - Nothing from last meeting to report


3. Discussion items (35 min) 

  - We discus point 1, we want to make a game.

  - android or desktop application?

  - Would like to use databases somehow 


Game idéa 1:
	the palyer spins a disk wich has a 2 or more points on which to build atoms on, nuclides (protons or neutrons) will fire from an random point of the edge of the screen towards the centrum and the player will spin the disk so thata the "atom-point" catches the nuclide and there by attempts too build a designated atom, if the player does not catch the nuclide it will fly past the disk and out of the screen.   

	The main chalange will be too build the atoms/molycules without catching too many protons.
  	
	Idéas for losing, hightning the chalange:
		gammaray -> everything/every input is mirrord for 10 sec
		betaray -> the backround spins (i.e. the nuclides) and the disk is still
		aflaray -> everything is a bit "groggy" or perhaps that you can move the atom-points towards and out from the centrum aswell as sping dem 
		catching the nuclides so that they from a non-sfferical atom, making an unstable atom makes you lose
		not catching enough neutrons makes the atom unstale and makes you lose
		there is a finit amouts of protons and nuetrons so that you can lose from not catching enough of them

	Game design idéas
		the point from where the next nuclide will shot will be slightly lght upp
	
	even if the game does not does not end upp with so muych fuild motions it would sort of "add to the charm" (tetris)		

Game idéa 2:
	nuclides (mote tehn protons and neutrons) fires towards teh centrum and the point is to not get a too big centrum and survie for as long as possible. if 4 or 5 of the sam enuclide are touching they dissapera and you get points

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 
	we will go with game idéa 1 and decide after the supporvise-meeting if we will make it for android or desktop


5. Wrap up
	ask the suppporviser:	
		android or desktop app
		what sort of code will count
		javaFX or swing
		will it be able too make it "fluid motion"

	next meeting:
		date: 	16-03-24
		time: 	13:00
		place:	M-building
